It's suggested you know how to use blender for this and this section only applies to meshes without armatures or lighting and collision
First download blender and add the appropriate version of the PSK importer to blender as an add-on
Export the model that you want to change using umodel and open a new blender project. This should also comes with some materials and textures-don't delete these.Delete all the objects in the scene and go to file>import>PSK and select the exported mesh. In blender set the units to metric and 0.01 because that's what Unreal engine uses.
https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/1713043370477270990/1C646398C2CC46518263FEFD20A40ABAF33256A2/?imw=256&&ima=fit&impolicy=Letterbox&imcolor=%23000000&letterbox=false
You can now edit the model and texture or replace the mesh, change UVs and vertex colours but do not change any names of objects or the materials. Once you are satisfied with your creation, export the model as fbx and rename it the name of the psk you imported.
Set up the UE4 project like normal(remember to turn off use pak file) and import the fbx into its respective folder. You should get materials with it if you import it with default settings. put the materials in their respective folders and look in the props.txts that exported from umodel. If there is a reference to a parent material, then right click and create an instance of that material in UE4. delete the parent material and remove the _Inst from the end of the material instance's name. Remember to replace the references to the materials in the model and in the same order as in the mesh's props.txt. Once all that has been done you can package content and close the UE4 editor once packaging is complete. Follow the same steps as normal in packaging except delete all the material uassets before using unrealpak. This is so the blank materials don't replace the actual ones. The mesh only needs references to the material
